Building against EL8 (#141)
theforeman/foreman-discovery-image: README.md

Building
--------

FDI currently builds only against CentOS 8 and building in a container will NOT
work (docker/podman). The building host MUST be CentOS 8, other versions or Red Hat
compatible systems (e.g Fedora) WILL fail to build.

Install the required packages:

```
$ sudo dnf install lorax anaconda pykickstart
```

To prepare the kickstart do:

```
$ ./build-livecd fdi-centos8.ks
```

> To build the image (this must be done on a CentOS 8 host):

Reviewer: Perhaps generalize to EL8?
```suggestion
To build the image (this must be done on an EL8 host):
```

Author: Done.
